vim/.config/nvim/README.md, before:

# (Neo)vim setup

The file structure of the Neovim setup:

```
.
├── after
│   ├── ftplugin
│   │   ├── cpp.vim
│   │   ├── c.vim
│   │   ├── markdown.vim
│   │   └── ...
│   └── plugin
│       ├── lspconfig.lua
│       ├── nvim-tmux-navigation.lua
│       ├── signify.lua
│       ├── treesitter.lua
│       ├── undotree.lua
│       ├── vimade.lua
│       ├── statusline.lua
│       └── ...
├── autoload
│   ├── search.vim
│   └── ...
├── init.lua
├── lua
│   ├── autocommands.lua
│   ├── keymappings.lua
│   ├── plugins.lua
│   └── settings.lua
└── README.md
```

Explanation for each of the above directories and files (as needed):
- `README.md`: This file. Contains the explanation of the Neovim setup.
- `after/ftplugin/`: Contains **f**ile**t**ype-specific settings and options
  which should be applied on particular files. Such examples include textwidth,
  wrapping, spell-checking etc. The name of the file specifies the particular
  filetype.
- `after/plugin/`: Contains all the plugin-specific settings, which should be
  applied _after_ entering buffers.
- `autoload/`: Functions that don't need to be loaded on startup, but rather
  on-demand.
- `init.lua`: The starting point of the configuration. Contains links to load
  all the files in the `lua/` directory.
- `lua/`: Lua config files. The files represent:
    - `autocommands.lua`: Contains auto-commands.
    - `keymappings.lua`: Contains keymappings and other key settings.
    - `plugins.lua`: Contains all the plugin installations. Doesn't however
      contain the plugin settings as well (see `after/plugin/` for that).
    - `settings.lua`: Contains the general editor settings which are applied for
      all filetypes (nothing plugin-related; only basic vim settings and
      options).

For more information on what each of these files should contain, see [this
gist](https://gist.github.com/nelstrom/1056049/784e252c3de653e204e9e128653010e19fbd493f).

Commit message:

Move statusline.lua inside the lua/ dir
Since it's easire to reach the statusline setup, together with the other
lua-specific stuff.

Side-note: Initially, the idea of the lua/ directory was to contain only things
that are neovim-specific, with nothing related to plugins in here. The
idea of the after/plugin/ directory was to contain only things that are
plugin-specific, and all the keybinds, mappings, autocommands that
plugins need would be defined in there. The statusline is an exception
to both rules. It _mostly_ contains neovim-specific stuff, however the
nature of setting the status line up means that we will need extra stuff
from certain plugins (like version control diff stats, or treesitter
function scope). This makes it so that the statusline works with
plugin-specific stuff.

Since it cannot assume, by any means, what plugins are installed, it
works with a very thin interface, through Lua functions. Such functions
would need to be defined by plugins in after/plugin, and they are used
by the statusline in lua/statusline.lua.

For more info on this, see API in lua/statusline.lua.

vim/.config/nvim/README.md, after:

# (Neo)vim setup

The file structure of the Neovim setup:

```
.
├── after
│   ├── ftplugin
│   │   ├── cpp.vim
│   │   ├── c.vim
│   │   ├── markdown.vim
│   │   └── ...
│   └── plugin
│       ├── lspconfig.lua
│       ├── nvim-tmux-navigation.lua
│       ├── signify.lua
│       ├── treesitter.lua
│       ├── undotree.lua
│       ├── vimade.lua
│       ├── colorscheme.lua
│       └── ...
├── autoload
│   ├── search.vim
│   └── ...
├── init.lua
├── lua
│   ├── autocommands.lua
│   ├── keymappings.lua
│   ├── plugins.lua
│   ├── settings.lua
│   └── statusline.lua
└── README.md
```

Explanation for each of the above directories and files (as needed):
- `README.md`: This file. Contains the explanation of the Neovim setup.
- `after/ftplugin/`: Contains **f**ile**t**ype-specific settings and options
  which should be applied on particular files. Such examples include textwidth,
  wrapping, spell-checking etc. The name of the file specifies the particular
  filetype.
- `after/plugin/`: Contains all the plugin-specific settings, which should be
  applied _after_ entering buffers.
- `autoload/`: Functions that don't need to be loaded on startup, but rather
  on-demand.
- `init.lua`: The starting point of the configuration. Contains links to load
  all the files in the `lua/` directory.
- `lua/`: Lua config files. The files represent:
    - `autocommands.lua`: Contains auto-commands.
    - `keymappings.lua`: Contains keymappings and other key settings.
    - `plugins.lua`: Contains all the plugin installations. Doesn't however
      contain the plugin settings as well (see `after/plugin/` for that).
    - `settings.lua`: Contains the general editor settings which are applied for
      all filetypes (nothing plugin-related; only basic vim settings and
      options).
    - `statusline.lua`: Contains scripts to define a custom status line. The
      style of the status line is designed to be the same as that of the Tmux
      environment. See also `after/plugin/colorscheme.lua`, which defines the
      actual colors to be used.

For more information on what each of these files should contain, see [this
gist](https://gist.github.com/nelstrom/1056049/784e252c3de653e204e9e128653010e19fbd493f).
